---
excludeFromSearch: true
---

# Slate to Redocly Markdown scripts

This folder contains Bash scripts aiming at moving Slate auto
generated files into Redocly/Realm Markdown format. It contains
also needed modifications to update from Redocly/Workflows
to Redocly/Realm.

These scripts is a quick and dirty fix of what should be
performed in the Python scripts in the
internal <a href="https://github.hpe.com/HPE-iLO-Redfish-API/tools/tree/master/RedfishRefDoc"
target="_blank">GitHub tools repository</a>.

## Slate to Redocly

- _script_wrapper.sh: defines variables and calls the other scripts in the following
  sequence `_split_resourcedefns.sh`,`_resourcedefns.sh`, `_resmap.sh`, `_msgregs.sh` and then `events.md`.
- `_split_resourcedefns.sh`: splits the original `_resourcedefns.md` file in several smaller files.
  This is needed because, at the time of the writing, Redocly cannot handle md files with more
  than sixteen or seventeen thousands lines. The rendering process (local or remote)
  fails with a `Maximum stack size exceeded`.
  >NOTE: This statement should be re-tested with Realm.
- `_resourcedefns.sh`: Adapts the different `ilo6_.*_resourcedefns.md` files
  to the Redocly MD format. In addition, it fixes fragments of \_Links to
  other Resources tables.
- `_resmap.sh`: adapts the `ilo6_resmap.md` file to the Redocly MD format.
  Moreover, compared to iLO 5, URIs labeled \_Collection of_ point to the collection URI,
  and not to the members URI. As an example, in iLO 5,
  the \_Collection of Chassis_ points to `(#Chassis)`. Redocly's  iLO 6 `resmap.md`,points to `(#ChassisCollection)`.
- `_msgregs.sh`: Adapts the Slate-markdown formatted `msgregs.md`
  (autogenerated) file into a Redocly-markdown formatted file.
  The main purpose is to:
  - Prepend the Redocly front matter section (toc...)
  - Prepend a header 1 and associated light introduction.
- `lintFiles.sh`: attempts to fix the maximum linting errors
  detected during the Redocly rendering process.
  in auto-generated files.
- `_python_library.sh`: Attempt to format the Python library files.

## Workflows to Realm

The following scripts treats the Markdown differences between
Redocly/Workflows and Realm described in the main 
[README.md](../../README.md/#guidelines-to-convert-from-redoclyworkflows) file

- `_frontMatterMigration.sh`
- `_admonitionMigration.sh`
- `_tabbedExamples.sh`
- `_internalLinks.sh`
